---
title: '174'
address:
  addressOne: 17515 Pacific St
  city: Omaha
  state: NE
  zipCode: '68118'
image: /images/uploads/screen-shot-2019-02-16-at-12.04.09-am.png
times:
  - day: Sunday
    time: '11:00am'
order: 3
---
## What to Expect

We get it, church can be scary, especially when you don't know what you might get yourself into. At Flatland Church we're all about helping people move closer to the center of God's Kingdom, where we believe real life transformation happens. As a result, you'll start to influence your friends, family, and neighborhood.

* Flatland 174 is located on 174th Street half-way between 168th and 180th Streets, right down the road from Pacific Springs Golf Course.
* Worship experience is typically 60 minutes long.
* Don't worry, you're not running late, we end with singing each week so everyone has a chance to respond to the message by worshiping God.
* You’ll leave our services full of hope and inspiration to live the abundant life God offers through faith in Jesus Christ and the power of His Holy Spirit.

## More Questions?

**What do I wear?**

Wear what makes you comfortable. Most folks come in jeans and button-down shirts. Even our pastors teach in jeans most weeks.

**Are you going to ask me for money?**

We don’t ever ask you for money. You may hear about what Flatland is doing around the world and in our city through an initiative called [The Move](/the-move), but we don’t want you to feel any pressure to participate. We don’t even pass a plate or bucket, instead we have discreet boxes at the rear of our auditorium for those who wish to support our church.

**What about my kids?**

We have age-specific ministries on Sunday mornings for children from birth to 5th grade. Our kids environment is secure, and every single volunteer is background checked. We want your kids to learn more about Jesus and his Kingdom, in a safe, fun, and Biblical way. [Learn more about FlatKids.](/kids)

**Do you have communion?**

We provide an opportunity for you and your family to partake of communion every week at prayer stations we have placed around the auditorium. The last week of every series (about twice a quarter), we provide an opportunity to take communion as a church family.
